fix splunk edit notable - unicode error (#13747)
demisto/content: Packs/SplunkPy/ReleaseNotes/2_1_7.md

#### Integrations
##### SplunkPy

> - Fixed an issue where the command **splunk-notable-event-edit** was returning a wrong error message `AttributeError: 'unicode' object has no attribute 'get'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***splunk-notable-event-edit*** command was returning an incorrect error message `AttributeError: 'unicode' object has no attribute 'get'`.
```
